# MagSpoof_STM32

A MagSpoof build using STM32

## Credit

This design is based on the incredible work of Samy Kamkar, the creator of the original magspoof. You can find his work, discribed in detail [here](http://samy.pl/magspoof).

The code to disable Chip&Pin protection comes from Кirils Sоlovjоvs's work, the repository is [here](https://github.com/0ki/magspoof).

Also the libraries I used to develop a standard, portable STM32 project is stm32f10x-stdperiph-lib.

## Description

MagSpoof, as its original creator has detailly explained, is a device to mimic the swipe of a magstrip card by manipulating a magnetic field generated by a coil. Its first version is small yet powerful, based on a Attiny85 MCU. It's light weight, small, and easy to use.

However, when I started to build a device accoringly, it occurred to me that I don't always have to use Attiny85. It is a easy-to-use chip, of course, but it also has limitted resources and function. Also, back in the days when I was messing around with Bad USB made with Attiny85 (digi-spark), I noticed that the chips I use have a rather high malfunction rate (probably because of misconfiguration or potential design error in circuitry of my PCB), so in the end I chose a more stable and powerful MCU, the STM32F103C8T6.

The C8T6 is a cheap yet powerful STM32 unit, and a minimal system module only cost about 1.5$, making it perfect in such conditions. Thanks to its resources the MagSpoof-STM32 is able to communicate with other devices to receive data on new cards to mimic, without repeatedly flashing the chip. It also has far more memory than an Attiny85, so it can store more cards, and possibly add more function to the design in the future.

## Disclaimer

This project comes with absolutly no warrenty, and I'm not responsible for any possible consiquence of using this project in real life.

## Lisence

## Hardware design

To keep this design as simple as possible, I chose not to design any additional PCB, but used a base board instead. The components you need to fully recreate this design is:

- A STM32F103C8T6 minimal system board. Any other C8T6 would surfice as lone as there's sufficient pins and UART to use.
- A magentic coil. You can use any similar things as lone as it can be driven under 600mA (maximum) and can provide a stable magnetic field.
- L293D H-bridge drive. This is an IC used to drive reactive load like a motor. It works under 5V input (3.7V should work as well according to Samy Kamkar), and can provide 1.2A maximum none repeating, or 600mA constantly.
- A button for trigger control the simulation.
- 100uF capacitor to prevent overdrain on L293D to cause a reboot on the MCU. Technically speaking since I'm using a 20W discharge, 5V powerbank and STM32, this capacitor is no longer necessary. But you should decide on your own condition.

And that's it. Literally a 10 minute hack. And if you want to use the serial port you'll need some connector, normally CH340 in my region, or any other devices, even like ESP8266.

## Firmware design

The program of the design is located in the ``Firmware`` folder of this repo. Due to copyright issue (and not wanting to deal with all sorts of licenses) I only uploaded the ``main.c`` file of a regular Keil project. You can use your own template to make it work. This code should be compatable with any MCU under the STM32F10x family, maybe even more.

## To-Do list

This is only a prototype of STM32 based magspoof. There're a few things I'm planning to do:

- actually design a PCB which has a USB-to-TTL builtin module, so that simply plug it onto any device will work.
- Add WiFi and/or bluetooth support to this design.
- Add a portable builtin power source.

Feel free to open an issue to discuss any interesting features you'd like to add.
